README.md, before:

# leaf-area

[![Powered by Kedro](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-kedro-ffc900?logo=kedro)](https://kedro.org)

## Overview

This is your new Kedro project with Kedro-Viz setup, which was generated using `kedro 0.19.9`.

Take a look at the [Kedro documentation](https://docs.kedro.org) to get started.

## Rules and guidelines

In order to get the best out of the template:

* Don't remove any lines from the `.gitignore` file we provide
* Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
* Don't commit data to your repository
* Don't commit any credentials or your local configuration to your repository. Keep all your credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`

## How to install dependencies

Declare any dependencies in `requirements.txt` for `pip` installation.

To install them, run:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run your Kedro pipeline

You can run your Kedro project with:

```
kedro run
```

## How to test your Kedro project

Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/data_science/test_pipeline.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:

```
pytest
```

To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

## Project dependencies

To see and update the dependency requirements for your project use `requirements.txt`. Install the project requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

[Further information about project dependencies](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_project_setup/dependencies.html#project-specific-dependencies)

## How to work with Kedro and notebooks

> Note: Using `kedro jupyter` or `kedro ipython` to run your notebook provides these variables in scope: `catalog`, `context`, `pipelines` and `session`.
>
> Jupyter, JupyterLab, and IPython are already included in the project requirements by default, so once you have run `pip install -r requirements.txt` you will not need to take any extra steps before you use them.

### Jupyter
To use Jupyter notebooks in your Kedro project, you need to install Jupyter:

```
pip install jupyter
```

After installing Jupyter, you can start a local notebook server:

```
kedro jupyter notebook
```

### JupyterLab
To use JupyterLab, you need to install it:

```
pip install jupyterlab
```

You can also start JupyterLab:

```
kedro jupyter lab
```

### IPython
And if you want to run an IPython session:

```
kedro ipython
```

### How to ignore notebook output cells in `git`
To automatically strip out all output cell contents before committing to `git`, you can use tools like [`nbstripout`](https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout). For example, you can add a hook in `.git/config` with `nbstripout --install`. This will run `nbstripout` before anything is committed to `git`.

> *Note:* Your output cells will be retained locally.

[Further information about using notebooks for experiments within Kedro projects](https://docs.kedro.org/en/develop/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.html).
## Package your Kedro project

[Further information about building project documentation and packaging your project](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/tutorial/package_a_project.html).

Commit message:

Concatenate individual csv files into training dataset

README.md, after:


# Leaf Damage Estimation from Leaf Photographs

[![Powered by Kedro](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-kedro-ffc900?logo=kedro)](https://kedro.org)

When studying herbovory a leaf frame is often used. But to process each and individual image in ImageJ is laborous, as it has to be done by hand. Thus this slows down the processing of the ecological data. From leaf frames we can obtain a set of interesting information. Not only the area lost to herbivory, but also weight of the sample SLA and LDMC, and LWC, and possibly many other traits. 

This project aims to build a regression deep learning model to quickly and accurately process leaf frame photos in batches, to speed up the processing pipeline of scientific reasearch.


### Data Preparation

In the original training data folder there are three types of data:
1. Original photos with leaves flattened on a 50 $\times$ 50 cm surface.
2. High contrast photo from ImageJ software
3.
4. Tabular data with each leaf's coordinates, area and estimated leaf loss due to herbivory.

### Stack

Git to follow the code
DagsHub to version the data (?)
MLFLOW to track experiments and models.

## Overview

This is your new Kedro project with Kedro-Viz setup, which was generated using `kedro 0.19.9`.

Take a look at the [Kedro documentation](https://docs.kedro.org) to get started.

## Rules and guidelines

In order to get the best out of the template:

* Don't remove any lines from the `.gitignore` file we provide
* Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
* Don't commit data to your repository
* Don't commit any credentials or your local configuration to your repository. Keep all your credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`

## How to install dependencies

Declare any dependencies in `requirements.txt` for `pip` installation.

To install them, run:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run your Kedro pipeline

You can run your Kedro project with:

```
kedro run
```

## How to test your Kedro project

Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/data_science/test_pipeline.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:

```
pytest
```

To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

## Project dependencies

To see and update the dependency requirements for your project use `requirements.txt`. Install the project requirements with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

[Further information about project dependencies](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_project_setup/dependencies.html#project-specific-dependencies)

## How to work with Kedro and notebooks

> Note: Using `kedro jupyter` or `kedro ipython` to run your notebook provides these variables in scope: `catalog`, `context`, `pipelines` and `session`.
>
> Jupyter, JupyterLab, and IPython are already included in the project requirements by default, so once you have run `pip install -r requirements.txt` you will not need to take any extra steps before you use them.

### Jupyter
To use Jupyter notebooks in your Kedro project, you need to install Jupyter:

```
pip install jupyter
```

After installing Jupyter, you can start a local notebook server:

```
kedro jupyter notebook
```

### JupyterLab
To use JupyterLab, you need to install it:

```
pip install jupyterlab
```

You can also start JupyterLab:

```
kedro jupyter lab
```

### IPython
And if you want to run an IPython session:

```
kedro ipython
```

### How to ignore notebook output cells in `git`
To automatically strip out all output cell contents before committing to `git`, you can use tools like [`nbstripout`](https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout). For example, you can add a hook in `.git/config` with `nbstripout --install`. This will run `nbstripout` before anything is committed to `git`.

> *Note:* Your output cells will be retained locally.

[Further information about using notebooks for experiments within Kedro projects](https://docs.kedro.org/en/develop/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.html).
## Package your Kedro project

[Further information about building project documentation and packaging your project](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/tutorial/package_a_project.html).
